
So I am going to be talking about my time in the Izu Peninsula where it was so impactful for me. In general. I believe my time in the Izu Peninsula was This is so important to me is simply due to the fact that it was a first time in the stretch of practically years that my responsibilities or that the concept of my responsibilities had been boiled down and simplified. Back down into their natural state. I only cared about one thing, and that one thing was. My practice. And it's as simple as that. I didn't worry about the little... minor details of my job or a little things that upset me during the typical day, and interactions, I was simply happy to be experiencing a higher sense of peace that... was more than meditative, right? It's more than simply clearing your mind and so on and so forth, but everything, my perception of things in my.. digestion of higher models of thought, concepts and people.. were so abundantly clear that my vision had been renewed in a pure sense. The little things excited me again from seeing street signs to crosswalks. I felt unrestricted and completely free. and it was something I had not felt in such a long time. Now, to preface, I wasn't even sure I wanted to go to Japan when it was offered. However, I accepted. But in terms of actual desire and motivation to go was zero to none or next to that. And I even had thoughts about backing out of the trip because for some reason, something didn't feel right.". It felt off, I didn't feel prepared, I didn't have a plan in or itinerary . I was just gonna go to go. I had gone six years prior, and I didn't have an itinerary or a plan then. but this time felt even less organized in my own thought. So I had had doubts. However, when I got there, immediately, I was greeted by a large group of Japanese school children who are meeting people who were coming off determining all who were from different places. They had a map, and they would put a sticker for where people were coming from. And I put my little sticker down in Pennsylvania, and in my attempt at Japanese in a very broken fashion, I was able to have a great conversation with some parents and some kids about what I do, where I work. about active life I live. And it was a fruitful discussion. It was one that was. that broke the mesmerism or the concern that I didn't have anything, any purpose, anything to serve from Japan. All my interactions... are harmonious, from the sweet cafe owners to some very... culturally sound individuals. I wanted to know more about. African American culture. It was a... time where I could step back and objectively look my life. And it felt so distinct and far from me. I didn't feel like I was wrapped up in the issues of the problems. 